Spreadsheets (#1783)
enkidevs/curriculum: excel/beginner/basics-of-excel/cells-continued.md

---
author: Stefan-Stojanovic

levels:
  - beginner

aspects:
  - new
  - workout

type: normal

category: how to

---

# Cells (Find and Replace)

---
## Content

> Cells are essentially where all of your data goes. So finding and replacing mistakes should be easy.

Reviewer: Refrain from using assumptive language such as  "this is easy".

In this particular insight, I think we can just remove these two sentences and have the insight start with the one below about Google Docs and Excel

Author: This says. Finding and replacing mistakes should be easy..
It states that it "Should" be easy to find cells and data within cells. So, the sole purpose of this function is to "make it easy" to find and replace/

Nothing in the lecture suggests something is easy. However, the sole purpose of the find and replace is to make it easier to find and manipulate data in cells

> Excel, both Google docs and Office Excel provide a "find and replace" feature.

Reviewer: Not sure I get this sentence. "Excel, Google Docs, and Office Excel"? Why are there 3? :D

Also you mean Google sheets, not Google Docs, right?

Author: Google sheets are just a part of google docs. The google sheets link is docs.google.com/spreadsheets
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22899166/73239258-e53df280-419b-11ea-9f37-d4cfb6bae212.png) `Docs`, `Sheets`, `Slides` and `Forms` are Google Docs programs. Excel is a spreadsheet program on google docs, so google docs > spreadsheets. The Microsoft Excel is Office Excel, because it is a part of the Office 365 software and cannot be bought separately, so its Office Excel. This sentence states that Excel, on both versions of the software, has said function

This feature is very useful when you need to find and replace information anywhere in the workbook(all sheets included).

> You can access this feature like so(highlighted in green):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access this feature like so (highlighted in green):

```

![find-and-replace](https://img.enkipro.com/78878b3b7f955f8bbd13b8163a01c876.png)

Or by using the `ctrl + H` shortcut for Windows or `command + shift + H` for Mac OS. The shortcuts are the same for all versions of Excel.

### Find and Replace features

![find-and-replace-explained](https://img.enkipro.com/1493f74c87ed109043a7ea500daf06a8.png)

The `Find` tab is used to input whatever you want to find.

The `Replace with` tab is used to input what you want to replace with.

The `Search` tab has a drop-down menu and 4 checkboxes.

In the dropdown menu, you can select to search `All sheets`, `This sheet` or a `Specific range` of cells.

The 4 different checkboxes:

> - `Match case` is used to match the Upper and Lowercase of the `Find` input.

Reviewer: Maybe elaborate like you did in the step below?

```suggestion
- `Match case` is used to specifically match the upper or lowercase of the value being searched for. For example, searching for "ABC" with this box checked will not find "abc"

```

> - `Match entire cell contents` is used to find exactly what was inputted. For instance, searching for a cell with `100` won't find any cell that is `1000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Match entire cell contents` is used to find exactly what was inputted. For instance, searching for a cell with `100` won't find any cell that contains `1000`.

```

> - `Search using regular expressions` is used for searching with Regular Expressions(will be discussed later on)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Search using regular expressions` is used for searching with Regular Expressions (will be discussed later on)
```

> - `Also search within formulas` is used to search inside formulas(will be discussed in the Formulas workout)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Also search within formulas` is used to search inside formulas (will be discussed in the Formulas workout)

```

### Example

Let's say we have a table with these 10 cells:
```
77
88
77
88
77
88
77
88
77
88
```

> We can use the `find and replace` feature too, for instance, replace the first instance of `77` to be `100`, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use the `find and replace` feature to, for instance, replace the first instance of `77` to be `100`, like so:
```

![find-and-replace-one](https://img.enkipro.com/5b9745748cd7f1708f56addd76d7a4e4.png)

As you can see in the image above, you get a small message saying what was replaced.

> Or we can use the `replace all` button to for instance replace all instances of `88` to `A`, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or we can use the `replace all` button to replace all instances of `88` with `A`, like so:
```

> **Note:** When you press `replace all` you get a popup window asking you if you are sure.

Reviewer: Maybe elaborate a bit more? Something like:

```suggestion
**Note:** When you press `replace all` you get a popup window asking you to confirm your decision because some replacements of all matches could end up changing a big part of your data, which isn't always desirable or intended.
```
